Use dockerhub autobuild (#20)
Sage-Bionetworks/genie-bpc-quac: CONTRIBUTING.md

> 1. On Github, create a pull request from the feature branch of your fork to the `develop` branch of hhunterzinck/genie-bpc-quac.  Make sure to add 'Fixes #{issue_number}' to the comment of your pull request to automatically link the issue.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On Github, create a pull request from the feature branch of your fork to the `develop` branch of Sage-Bionetworks/genie-bpc-quac.  Make sure to add 'Fixes #{issue_number}' to the comment of your pull request to automatically link the issue.  
```
